You three for two days
Xiao Chen, do you think
So many people are slandering me!
It's urgent and urgent
This place is really unproductive
What's even sadder is that this woman is a victim
Now I'm actually standing on the side of that villain
It's really chilling
Today, it is not easy for the Liu family to exterminate their relatives righteously
What righteousness
It is clearly the inversion of black and white, don't worry about emotions
I'd like to see it
What dirty water do they have?
You can throw it on us.
Xiuchen
It's about time.
Arguing is useless
This trial is an act of justice
You are now beyond remission
Exactly.
You are already crazy for the previous sin
The next great sin
Enough for you to destroy the nine clans
Are you trying to say that I impersonate Wu Weijun?
Nice
This third sin is that you use the name of the Wu Wei Army
The tendency to deceive
Ruined the reputation of my Great Xia work
A fool
Not only did he deceive Tang Long Group's Asura King and Mu
Mr. Rong
He also slandered Lord Wu Weijun
You are simply rebellious
No king's law
What is this trash still using the name of Wu Weijun?
I think the Zhu Jiuzu are all dear.
The Zhu Jiu Clan is too cheap for him
Lord Wu Weijun is the patron saint of my Dragon Kingdom
How can you be humiliated
I want to let this waste suffer from the scurrying of the world
Make his life worse than death
Counterfeit Wu Weijun
I am the Wu Weijun
How to fake
Xiao Zhan
I think you've lost your mind.
Dare to carry the king swallow
Claiming to be a king and minister
Xiao Chen
I think you want too much
Restore your former glory as the young master of the Xiao family, right?
Hmph, don't hesitate to borrow the name of my Xiao family
Even more dare to pretend to be the king
But now you're just a toad after all
There's no way you can compare to me
Xiao Quan
Do you confess to these three crimes?
There is no excuse for the sin you want to add
By the way, let me correct you.
The pillar of my summer
He will never be alone
It's me, the hundreds of millions of people in Daxia